hi welcome to how to cook with Filipino
calm today I will show you how to cook
shrimp tempura you know a style so here
are many regions clean Pro a lanista
Pusha egg breadcrumbs baking soda salt
ground black pepper all-purpose flour
and we have here ice water so this is so
easy we will combine all the ingredients
the ball and then do the opposite I will
show you the next step okay pop combine
another layer tamanna' ingredients the
ball first
kalenna offer to put let alone egg
baking soda salt black pepper
Viswanathan Shah named Weber like an
additional ice-cold butter 20 count
example if you want to know you know if
you want your tempo ice spicy you can
add some chili powder again you know why
they are using a ice cold water it will
give crispiness to swim before we get to
the breadcrumbs okay pull the mix and
pull out in the Hat Amala mixtures about
the lift up on our team Pro top was
typical of ISA red ones but make sure
your prawns dry also so I use you know
this kitchen table
gumbo and then breadcrumbs and then
directly to the wok
ok let's start our shrimp tempura so I
read it all swim so just leave the tail
on and then this is ready to fry
destroy maximum four pieces so that you
can monitor it on once you drop it or
maybe some of the people who burn
a pc enforcer of the Mouton I thought I
must handle again in the hub but they
must know that and make sure now medium
Hitler I think avoid my Ganesha ma soon
see a nice tempura and then the past 40
snowflake with a paper towel so that it
will absorb the oil see Cisco and again
we will proceed to the next step
okay our shrimp tempura is ready these
sort of issues and the baked some deep
rings combination of coconut vinegar
soya sauce chilli garlic and onion this
is also delicious and very easy to
follow about try one
Wow
really this is so crunchy because the
height of the ice-cold water
thank you for watching how to cook back
to the peanut calm sea oh boy